Use unprivileged container "nginxinc/nginx-unprivileged" as base for proxy (#8858)
ICTU/quality-time: docs/src/deployment.md

6. To log in, use one of the default users available in the [test LDAP server](software.md#test-ldap-server).

```{note}

> By default, the application listens internally on port 8000.

Reviewer: 8000? Did you mean 8080?

6. To log in, use one of the default users available in the [test LDAP server](software.md#test-ldap-server).

```{note}

> By default, the application listens internally on port 80.

Reviewer: To make the internal/external sentences have a consistent structure:

```suggestion
Internally, the application listens on port 80 by default.
```

To change this, set the `PROXY_PORT` environment variable to a different port before starting the application.
For example: `export PROXY_PORT=8080`.

> Externally, the application listens on port 80.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Externally, the application listens on port 80 by default.
```

> This can be changed in the default port mapping of the `www` service in the compose file.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
To changes this, adapt the default port mapping of the `www` service in the compose file.
For example: 
```
www:
  ports:
    - "1080:${PROXY_PORT:-80}"
```
````
